Zug doesn't wear pants.
Zug is not Atalla.
Zug's novelty never wears off.
Zug is the mole king.
Zug was born a red-haired mongolian baby.
Zug knows what irony is.
Zug shot the sheriff, but he did not shoot the deputy.
Zug's father is the Most Interesting Man in the World.
Zug can feel it in the air tonight. Oh lord.
George Orwell originally wrote Animal Farm as an homage to Zug, but decided he wasn't worthy of that biography.
Zug is made of people.
Zug is Ringo Starr's sixth cousin twice removed.
Zug once spent three weeks counting the grains of sand on a beach in Granada.
Zug is the Kwisatz Haderach.
Zug knows where the beef is.
Zug played backup cowbell for The Mescaleros.
If you experience Zug for more than 4 hours, consult a physician.
Zug is capable of time travel--but only into the future, and only in real-time.
Zug killed his twin brother in utero.
Zug is where the wild things are.
Zug melts in your mouth, not in your hand.
Zug is part of a nutritious breakfast.
Zug is his own grandpa.
Zug is actually a Harvard professor in anthropology.
Zug rhymes with Orange.
Zug went over the mountain to see what he could see. He saw Everything.
Do not take Zug if you are allergic to any of its ingredients.
Zug was once legally dead for 8 minutes
Zug was in Dallas in Novemeber of 1963, but didn't notice anything going on.
Zug answers to 72 names.
Zug is a unique specimen.
Zug's facts have broken the bot more than any other feature to date.
Zug is worth it.
Zug is not a god, but you can treat him like one.
Grozug is Swahili for Cupcake
Zug is ambivalent about Monday
Zug is a gentleman AND a scholar
Zug is the very model of a modern major general
Zug has revolutionized personal hygiene with his inventive uses for mouthwash
Zug is known for etiquette. Unfortunately it is Mongol etiquette.
Zug is really good at Limbo. He can go under a rug.
Zug really knows how to live
Zug is THE red-headed stepchild.
Consult a doctor if Zuggishness lasts for more than a day
Zug is particularly good at revealing the secret identities of chocolate-themed Luxembourgian superheroes
Don't ask what's in Zug's closet.
Zug is simultaneously hither and yon
Many scientests believe Zug is a monotreme
Zug is the only person on the planet who knew shamasal is the plural form of shaman
Zug started it.
Zug's face once launched a thousand ships.